it is a very strange time in America
this is time when our president is
building walls and telling people to go
back where they came from and with all
that happening it's important to
remember that many people still dream of
becoming Americans every week immigrants
from countries all around the world take
the oath of citizenship these ceremonies
are held in like libraries and
classrooms courthouses which is fine but
I think becoming American should be more
exciting than a trip to the DMV so
tonight we've invited a group of brand
new Americans real new Americans to come
to this show for a big welcome to the
country and for that I turn it over now
to Dave Joseph the official game
announcer for the Los Angeles Kings Dave
thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
from
Mexico City at 5 foot 9 inches tall
here's the medical data
puzzles and it's afraid of snakes
[Music]
[Applause]
Tunisia has five four five she is a mom
of two with a master's in finance
TV Pakistan standing at five
and IT security expert
a sharp man named Luna Suraj
[Music]
[Applause]
breeze at five football she is a medical
technician whose favorite meal is pasta
carbonara
stop pulling at five foot nine he's a
software engineer and motorcycle
enthusiast whose nickname is Einstein
[Applause]
funny
do you know Brazil
professional singer who loves getting
presents and hates the fly
say hello to Gracie
[Applause]
please welcome
[Music]
welcome to this country now that you are
officially citizens of the United States
there are so many amazing opportunities
available to you and I could go through
them all or we could have three-time
Grammy award-winning musician Brad
Paisley come out and share them with you
[Music]
congratulations citizens we're happy
that you're here come on in take a load
up grab yourself a nice cold beer and
now that you're saluting the old red
white and blue oh listen while I tell
you about those things that you can do
you can exercise your freedom of speech
need a stick of butter at a County Fair
wear your Crocs with a pair of socks
then go to Target in your underwear
[Music]
[Applause]
of a truck catch a foul ball with an
apple-pie driving a Hummer through a
national park and roll off your fingers
on the fourth of July
[Music]
sit on the canteen chicken wings where
an American flag bikini way too small
man
are you getting all this
it's in the Bill of Rights
you can dress your dog like Lady gaga
make him his own Instagram go to drive
our get a blowout marry a Kardashian you
call your uncle dumb on Facebook
convince yourself the earth is flat and
become a YouTube influencer and freak
out cuz the met rib is back
[Music]
with cascos
kicked off a reality
the majestic evil
[Music]
[Applause]
country tis of thee sweet
little tea
[Music]
I sing
[Applause]
[Music]
Rome's Prime
mountainside free
[Music]
[Applause]
Wow unbelievable Thank You Brad Paisley
and congratulations to our new fellow
American citizens
thank you very much Brad if you liked
that video then put a ring on it click
the subscribe button below
ohh